Brother, that green mountain is not afraid of being burned by firewood
You have to destroy it to have a chance
Go away
How can I have such a dirty brother as you?
Even if I die standing, I will never kneel
Don't be so damn arrogant
Lao Tzu counts the enemy's life today
I'm going to break your tooth too
I'm so scared
I'm just afraid that your teeth will break if they are not good.
Stand up if you have the ability
I will let the whole world know
It's just so
Ah!
Ha, I can do it.
You can't win at all, you trash
Go up and leave the shame behind
That's right, what dog thing did you say?
overreach
Even serious people lost, you say you are a fart
What to pack
Get the hell out of here and go home
Shut up, Mr. Deng can't stop a move
Why don't you just go up and be scared to pee?
Don't embarrass you.
Boy, don't you know this
What is the meaning of contempt?
If you give up now
Retain at least half of the control
If you really lose
Could it be that
You originally wanted to take the underground management rights of the lower middle class
Give it all to those Western devils
Can you afford the responsibility?
You've combed your middle and bottom face
I'll wipe your butt for you, you still have the face to talk about me